What is historical contexts of data infrastructure?
Every single aspect of data infrastructure has evolved tremendously in last few decades.
We have come a long way from punch cards and magnetic tapes to Cloud storage.
Data storage has become better and cheaper.
Processing is also faster and cheaper.
Smartphones are way better than any of the computers of 1990s.
The amount of data that is generated is growing
exponentially and type of data getting generated is constantly evolving.
How do we use and consume data is also changing.
All of this has impacted how we think about data infrastructure now,
versus it was in 1990s.